Add Provider to the Event API (#3878)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/event-sdk.md

# Events SDK

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md)

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

<!-- Re-generate TOC with `markdown-toc --no-first-h1 -i` -->

<!-- toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [EventLoggerProvider](#eventloggerprovider)
- [EventLogger](#eventlogger)
  * [Emit Event](#emit-event)

<!-- tocstop -->

</details>

Users of OpenTelemetry need a way for instrumentation interactions with the
OpenTelemetry API to actually produce telemetry. The OpenTelemetry SDK
(henceforth referred to as the SDK) is an implementation of the OpenTelemetry
API that provides users with this functionally.

> All language implementations of OpenTelemetry MUST provide an SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All implementations of the OpenTelemetry API MUST provide an SDK.
```

Minor change. I think the use of "language" here is a little inside baseball. It's implementations of the API that need to provide an SDK, right?
